Cell Module:

The Cell module is a basic building block representing a single bit in the multiplier.
It has inputs xn, am, Slast, and Cthis.
It computes the AND operation of xn and am and stores the result in a temporary wire t.
The XOR operation is used to calculate Sthis and Cthis based on the inputs and the previous state.
Finally, it computes the next carry Cnext based on the intermediate signals.
FACell Module:

The FACell module is similar to the Cell module but is designed for the final row of the multiplier.
It computes the XOR of am and xn to produce t1, then calculates Cnext and Sthis based on the inputs and the previous state.
ArrayMultiplier Module:

Parameters m and n define the sizes of the multiplicand and multiplier, respectively.
Outputs of the multiplier are stored in the product wire.
Temporary wires c_partial and s_partial are used to store intermediate carry and sum values for each bit of the product.
Generation Blocks:

The code uses generate blocks to create instances of the Cell and FACell modules in a structured manner.
The first block creates instances for the first line of the multiplier, connecting them appropriately.
The second block creates instances for the middle lines of the multiplier (except the last column), connecting them to the previous cells.
The third block creates instances for the middle lines of the multiplier for the last column, connecting them similarly to the previous cells.
The fourth block creates instances for the last line of the multiplier, using FACell modules.
Final Product Generation:

The product bits are generated by connecting the sum bits from the first and middle cells.
The product bits from the last line of cells are also generated.
The most significant bit (MSB) of the product is generated from the last partial carry.
Note: The code uses a simple buffer (buf) for connecting wires to outputs, and it assumes that there are buffer modules available in the design. You might need to replace buf with the actual buffering logic or use signals directly if buffering is not required in your specific implementation.
